yeah I mean I see what you say I mean my
heart wasn't really in it as much as it
should have been I mean I'm sitting here
watching everybody on the TV doing what
they do and I'm like killing people I
would destroy them off football you go
with the music you need to do something
fast
for the love
you got a better reason
I mean well that's why we didn't you
know the connects I'm putting together
do it for the love we make the money to
as a result
press return by the same time no excuses
no more excuses yeah looking out there
it's game time baby shower caliber
summer 2010 no more excuses I did shop
is we're now in July sekella production
I god it's man
everybody your boy sean is back to play
then they can make it far from a pretty
boy all day every day and rock city boy
from Tom few coast on but I'm on son so
hard on the lonely God to say it one
time the streets made all of my senses
while but he gave me my sense of style
take note genki with a hat with the lean
design the team between the slight sag
in my genes I'm sure they'll fly to la
da kamikaze suicide load on my rocket
now and never do it Dolph oh I stayed
low but never took a break off balls
recharge the review take off can't
afford to miss the flight cutting catch
the next one moving on up from a
Jefferson to the Jetsons from when the
cash flow is low miniature there's seven
biggest team deals one signature which
is the offer that's currently on the
table when i head back from my lawyer
y'all ready willing and able dr. razon
the progress when you show promise with
integrity boss
energy and some honesty but rival along
the track for the bun lose in the stacks
I will beg being humble on the wax
thinking I'm a crumbling crack for y'all
pleasure this is light work now watch me
a prop Russia for 2010 your boys off to
a great start despising you adversely me
out in the graveyard a young brave heart
where they cooled hours behind is
supposed to be the dream team but that's
another topic back in those seven hours
on my game ready getting loving straight
buzzing pumping my name has he standing
in the studio 24 7 365 cover go around
Hong Kong last mixtape pick cake still
us which days running with a new team
can't afford mistakes but due to
unfortunate circumstances I laid low
from the limelight hurt my chances I'm
shutting down the next few consecutive
years every day was a nightmare shutting
repetitive fears the path I chose is it
what I really wanted music is my wife
damn right I really wanted so in the
midst of my depression I learned a
lesson music is a gift wrapping the
north or blessing before success gotta
defeat failure before the feature
presentation God to see the trailer now
pay attention time to turn two degrees
up spring is over it's only right I tell
me either so this time I'm dropping a
new project and if you drop the same
time laughter that god bless compa in
the arrogant haka back it up put your
money
pay you to stack it up but if you
feeling a certain way is an artist but
I'm talking to you everybody's a donkey
shots fire invitation extended and if
you get offended and I definitely meant
this so friends bows and baubles forbid
see what the truth is when I release no
more excuses but no new york yiannis I
would again be champion what is all that
good luck I'm calm or you shit show off
I your music group and Sean caliber
presents no more excuses dropping summer
2010 stay tuned for more info
twitter.com / or fire Eskow youtube.com
/ sean caliber let's go